{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I graduated from the Wharton MBA a year ago, and here\'92s what I wish someone had told me before I started about recruiting, mindset, and social life. If you're starting this fall, this is for you!\cb1 \
\
\cb3 1\uc0\u65039 \u8419  Business school is a buffet (and you'll get indigestion if you try everything)\cb1 \
\
\cb3 First few weeks - take stock of everything it has to offer. Internships, fellowships, clubs, accelerators, etc. Then ruthlessly prioritize. Take what serves you and leave the buffet. (You\'92ll still feel FOMO and take on more than you should because you \'93paid for it\'94 - that\'92s all part of the process!)\cb1 \
\
\cb3 2\uc0\u65039 \u8419  Pivoting is harder than you think\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Most people don\'92t get this until it\'92s too late - employers don\'92t recruit from MBA programs because they care that you have an MBA. They do it because MBAs filter for experiences/skillsets they want. You need to show them why you can do the job. The degree just gets you in the door - use the network to get the experience and build the skills. More people than you'd think go back to their old industries.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 3\uc0\u65039 \u8419  You'll have your "maybe I should recruit for consulting" moment\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Or banking. Even if you swore you'd never. We all do. When everyone's doing it, you'll second-guess yourself. That's normal! Just remember why YOU came to school. Stick to your plan, not theirs. (Unless your plan was to recruit for consulting/banking)\cb1 \
\
\cb3 4\uc0\u65039 \u8419  The social scene is middle school, except people have money (but it\'92s not all bleak)\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Hundreds of type-A personalities in one place and a lot of bankers/consultants who didn\'92t have enough fun in their 20s = drama, hyper-socialization. Who's dating who, who got the Goldman interview, who wasn't invited to that trip\'85People will talk about you if you stand out (for good or bad reasons). First semester feels intense, especially if you\'92re an introvert. By second year, everyone chills out and you find your people. \cb1 \
\
\cb3 5\uc0\u65039 \u8419  You'll need to touch grass\cb1 \
\
\cb3 B-school is a bubble. If you're not careful, you'll think comparing signing bonuses and taking out loans to go on another trip with 20 people you just met are real life. See non-MBA friends. Call your family. There\'92s a hive-mindedness in business school. Don\'92t lose yourself in it.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 6\uc0\u65039 \u8419  The classes are hit or miss (so be strategic)\cb1 \
\
\cb3 You\'92ll keep some class notes for decades to come (If you\'92re going to Wharton - Negotiations, Legal Aspects of Entrepreneurship, Scaling Operations to name a few). You\'92ll throw away others before the semester is over. Talk to second-years about which classes are actually worth optimizing to get into.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Bonus: Do something unexpected. Join the club you think you'd hate. Take the class outside your comfort zone. I signed up for a week-long backpacking trip in the Andes despite every instinct not to and ended up leading a trip to Antarctica my 2nd year (best MBA memory!).}